On the home page the get started button should say Sign in. the sign in page should only show the sign in option. Provide options in spelling Bee for Juniors this should read as beginner,  grade 1 to grade 5, then middle juniors this should read lower intermediate grade 6 to grade 10 and the seniors this should read upper intermediate which is grade 11 to 12. then there must be a option for proficient which is from college and university upwards. the words must be relevant to the options chosen, easier words and scaled with grade 1 to 5, grade 6 to 10. the grades should not show as options, only beginner, lower intermediate and upper intermediate, there should be a information icon showing who the options caters for. If the user us a premium user then all the features and games should be unlocked. On the app page , there should be a brief description of how the page works. Each user when registering will start with a clean slate and build from there. The user must check in Today and the go through everything and then completed the quizz, this will count towards user progress. Include a short 3 question quiz on this page and 1 question should include the use of the word in a sentence. The quiz should be about the word of the day. The streaks, words learned, badges, games played and journal entries should be all updated as the user uses these features. The number of quizes taken should also show. On the invite page, the challenge games should be all the games for premium users and only the 3 games for free users. When registering and the user goes all in, then upon succesfull payment the user must get immediate access to all the features and games. All premium users can chose 1 free language for a period of 90 days and thereafter is prompted to pay the $2 fee. For mobile users, the app must be user friendly with all the options.  At the moment a user cant log off, on the play pages there must be a information button on how to play the game. All games must have the option to play again. In the lexigenz game upon succesful completion a new word is generated to be spelled and will continue until user quits. On the mobile device, when playing the spelling bee games there is no sound and no device keyboard to type the word.please fix this.